Update transaction properties - Closes #416 (#436)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started.adoc

=== Exploring the API

> Go to the complete xref:{url_reference_api}[specification of the Lisk SDK API]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the complete xref:{url_reference_api}[specification of the Lisk SDK API]
```

This API definition can be pasted into the {url_github_swaggerui}[swagger-ui] front-end to render an interactive API specification of that particular node.

[TIP]
====
The available API endpoints for Lisk SDK node applications are currently identical to the endpoints of the Lisk Core API.

> Please see here for an xref:{url_core_api}[interactive API reference for Lisk Core].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see xref:{url_core_api}[interactive API reference for Lisk Core].
```
